Update CRX known issues page (#6242)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/whatsnew/index.md

Check this page often to learn about changes to the Chrome extensions platform, its documentation,
and related policy or other changes. You'll find other notices posted on the [Extensions Google Group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/chromium-extensions). The [Extensions News](/tags/extensions-news/) tag lists articles about many of the topics listed here. (It even has [an RSS feed](/feeds/extensions-news.xml).)

### Updated MV3 migration guidance 

<p class="color-secondary-text type--caption">Posted on <time>May 9, 2023</time></p>

> We've updated the [know issues section of our MV3 migration guidance](/docs/extensions/migrating/known-issues/), with a updated list of extension platform gaps that we intent to close before announcing a new MV2 deprecation timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated the [known issues section of our MV3 migration guidance](/docs/extensions/migrating/known-issues/) with a updated list of extension platform gaps that we intend to close before announcing a new MV2 deprecation timeline.
```

> We've updated the [known issues section of our MV3 migration guidance](/docs/extensions/migrating/known-issues/) with an updated list of extension platform gaps that we intend to close before announcing a new MV2 deprecation timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've updated the [Known Issues](/docs/extensions/migrating/known-issues/) section of our [Manifest V3 migration guidance](/docs/extensions/migrating/) with an updated list of extension platform gaps that we intend to close before announcing a new Manifest V2 deprecation timeline.
```
